all the city and boxing on
main race the big prize of the vgh
insurance at the 1600 meter mark
and to the top sits gereon
gereon marches ahead with mon decor
the book takes the reins right away
firmly in hand and goes to the top
leads because of the nordico to the
outside in second position device is
on the inside then close up then sees
one king concorde as fourth before the
ascending quixote then you see
ajax anna in the middle meet leads this
meet up with others before Philipp
i said lascana by pearl at the end of the
field galloping red was why is it
with a speedy ride to the end of the
opposite to the schott has now
detached from the top quichote leads
with a length before but without behind
then in front of nordico
on the outside then king concorde
you can see more of
close up aksana who can move up with
peace atlas also to the
outside can do well on the ground
and at the top remains but
quichote quichote is in front of nordico
on the very outside king concorde it
is about the last kick aaron
marches outstanding quichote
can now be clearly touched
but still in front
the advance from nordico comes from am
maple and on the inside too
but gereon at the top now all
horses in demand a broader
slow it down
At the edge of the track with it in front and down
and pearl comes this plastic one
must slip through completely in it and at the
outside ajax at ajax anna is now
stronger alexander on the last 100
meters
and now comes then also red the
smashed dubai like bad
Anna Lena Horne in third place
in front
gereon peas and lars bender hairdressing
and then quixote with nico and evening wind
with king concorde
marches outstanding quichote
can now be clearly touched
but still in front
the volkschor nordico comes from aaron
and very low on the inside
but at the top has all the horses in
demands a broader slow but
Roll the web with it in front and down and
pearl comes this glass does not find
has to penetrate all the way inside and on
the outside ajax becomes ajax anna
now closer to the last 100
meters and now comes
red bar as if rushed indirectly like
bad but alexander köberich the
jaxa behind the walls on the third
place ahead
Peter Peter klaas the provisional
enema in the seventh race in the big ones
Price of vgh insurance is 18
so she horses 8 red tide bar
like 10 aksana and to amazon
yes dear audience what a finish
all horses almost 200 meters in front of the line
the goal so you want that
and then the horse came out with the best
speed to the red dubai like a
six-year-old supervision in the colors
by salim beat of erika mäder the
not win every weekend one
group 2 when a great success for the
quartier von erika meters in krefeld and
in the saddle